(doorbell rings)
Hey, Cam.
Louise,
what are you doing here?
You're not dropping out
of the league championship
tonight, are you?
Louise is dropping out
of the league championship?
Did you shoot yourself
in the leg again?
Oh, my God, we're one win away
from my first sports trophy,
and then this happens.
All I said was "Hey, Cam."
So, this year,
I invited Mitchell
to join my gay bowling team --
the Britney Spares.
I came up with the team name,
I designed the shirts.
Yeah.
It's not important
who gets the credit.
When we first stated,
my bowling was, um --
well, it was iffy.
But then I practiced
and I practiced
until the shoe-rental guy
called me "decent."
I'm not here
as a teammate.
I'm here on official
police business.
What?
Please tell me
that is not you.
MAN: What is that?
(people scream)
Oh, no.
(children screaming)
Oh.
(screams)
CAMERON: No, no, no.
Hmm.
That's Fizbo...
Mm-hmm.
...with a scary mask.
That's clearly not me.
It's not him.
(voice breaking) No!
Who would do that?
Who would take
something so beautiful
and turn it
into something so ugly?
How did the guy get
the costume?
Oh, who knows?
(normal voice) Your father
gave it to charity.
By accident.
How did I not hear
that fight?
Was I in town?
All right, then,
uh, case closed.
I'll see you guys tonight.
What?
No "case closed."
We haven't even found
the perp!
Look, the only reason
I was following up on this
is 'cause I thought
it might be you.
Well, yeah, but we have
to get my costume back.
We have to restore
Fizbo's good name.
Oh, but we're -- we're still
gonna go bowling, right?
Wow.
You give away
my beloved alter ego,
and you won't even allow me
30 seconds
to have an emotional reaction?
Yeah. No, it sounded fast
as I was saying it.
♪♪
And now for
the finishing touch.
Franks for Frank!
Dad's bachelor party's
gonna be epic.
You couldn't see it.
That's why -- Boom!
Chicken wraps,
white wine, fudge.
Is this a bachelor party
or a party where ladies sit
around watching "The Bachelor"?
And why did you get me
a triple-XL?
The lady said
it'd shrink in the wash.
How's it gonna do
in the trash?
Jay.
Kidding.
I'll use it to wash my car.
My dad is marrying
my old babysitter Lorraine,
who has a son,
which means that I am finally
getting a brother!
When I was young,
I wanted a brother so much,
my folks got me bunk beds.
At night, I'd pretend
he was up there and talk to him,
and when he didn't answer back,
I always just figured,
"Well, Marty's in a mood again."
(rhythmic knock on door)
Excuse me.
Do you serve crabs here?
We serve anyone.
Jokes only get old
because they're good, right?
(both laugh)
Nailed it.
Phil, this is Ray.
Wow.
I guess we're gonna be brothers.
Bring it in.
Ah. Oh!
Oh! No. Oh!
What's happening?
We're brothers!
Isn't this what brothers do?
I don't know,
but I love it!
Whoa!
This guy totally tried
to touch my ding-dong.
Oh.
(laughs)
I didn't know it was
that kind of party.
I guess you didn't see
the white wine and fudge.
White wine?
That's not gonna get me there.
(door closes)
Am I the only one
who sees me
choking that guy out
tonight?
I don't know.
I got a good feeling
about Ray,
and I-I felt
a lot of him.
He's just a little wound up
from the drive.
I'm sure you'll find
he's a real solid citizen.
(laughs)
The sap across the hall
left his door open.
(laughs)
That's my room!
Oh.
So, I guess you'll need these.
(pills rattle)
Before we start,
thanks for agreeing
to do this read through
of my latest play,
"A Withering Farewell
Under a Harvest Moon"...
So catch--
...colon,
"The Tears of Angels."
So catchy!
Right?
It's a story of four women
who come together
to mourn the loss
of the family patriarch.
Oh, no.
So sad, so very sad.
Pace yourself, crazy.
We haven't even started.
A man died, Claire.
A fake man,
and if he was a patriarch,
he was a fake old man,
and old men die.
CLAIRE:
Surely, this is a thought
that has occurred to you
from time to time, huh?
Please don't make me
part of this.
MANNY:
Anyway, when it's over,
feel free to share
your thoughts --
What you liked, what you loved,
but also the negatives --
what went over your head,
any words you didn't know.
I'm submitting my latest play
to a young playwrights festival,
but I want
to hear it out loud first
to be sure I've hit
all my emotional marks.
One might ask,
"Why all female characters?"
Let's just say,
write what you know.
(clicks tongue)
Wait.
To clarify, I understand women.
I don't feel like I am one.
110 pages?
What time are we supposed
to get out of here?
Oh, honey,
you got a hot date tonight?
Mom, don't be mean.
Ignore her.
I actually am in a relationship,
but I've been hiding it
from everybody
because I have once again
chosen somebody
that is completely
inappropriate.
It's this older guy -- Ben.
He works for my mother,
and he lives with his mother.
I'm like a moth to a flame
if the flame is an
underachieving man-child
with a Tasmanian Devil tattoo
on his butt.
Sorry, this is going to take
longer than I expected.
Can you wait there?
Sure.
My mom's got
her poker girls over, anyway.
This one lady, Karen,
she gets real handsy with me.
(chuckles)
She's not un-hot, either.
She's like an older,
curvy Emily Blunt but Indian.
Don't try
to make me jealous, Ben.
One of my regulars
at the coffee shop
is always asking if I want
to do some motorboating.
If I didn't get seasick,
I'd go.
Now, okay, I don't want
to get ahead of myself,
but does the trophy have
each of our names,
or is it just the team name,
'cause I kind want
one of my own, but --
You know what? No, never mind.
I'll just get it engraved.
Okay,
how can you be thinking
about bowling
at a time like this?
You mean as we're going in
to our bowling championship?
(cellphone chimes)
Oh. Text message.
(console beeps)
Read text message.
(beep)
FEMALE VOICE:
You have a message from Martin.
"I keep picturing you guys
holding the trophy
later tonight.
Just kidding.
You're not invited
to my victory party.
Ha ha."
(laughs)
Oh.
Hello, Martin.
Hello, Cameron.
Hello, Mitchell.
Where's the rest
of Britney Queers?
It's the Britney Spares,
Martin.
The Britney Queers
were eliminated weeks ago.
Yes, by us.
Eventually, all will fall
to The Gay City Bowlers.
I forget. Do all the names
have to be puns?
Yes.
It's like hair salons.
Unpleasant as always,
Martin.
I'll see you in the alley.
I'm sure you say that
to a lot of men.
(gasps) Mitchell!
Fizbo!
What?
Over there!
Cam -- Cam,
do you think it's possible
with how upset you are
about Fizbo
that -- that maybe
you're seeing things?
Oh. No.
Maybe it's another guy with
purple hair and a size 23 shoe.
Maybe Dennis Rodman
bowls here!
And we begin.
"Lights up on the living room
of James Pickett.
The furnishings and art tell us
he was a wealthy man,
but his money
couldn't buy taste.
Enter four women in black
returning from a funeral.
First, James' widow
Chloe Dubois-Pickett"...
That's me!
..."a beautiful French commoner
who married up."
Ooh, là là.
Next is Bailey,
the granddaughter --
cute as a button
and just as smart."
I like her.
"Following her is James' sister,
Professor Alma Diller, 60s.
There's no problem
she can't solve
except her own loneliness.
Finally, James' daughter Kate --
attractive, intense,
sharp-tongued,
fleeting moments of warmth."
"Fleeting moments of warmth"?
(scoffs)
I get it.
This is the story
of the four of us
through some sort
of distorted Manny lens.
Yeah, just because I'm smart,
I end up a spinster?
Mm-hmm.
You know what I could
be doing right now
if I didn't get seasick?
Okay, calm down.
These characters
are a compilation
of many other women I've known,
not you people.
Okay, let's start.
"Kate enters and crosses
straight to the credenza.
As she pours herself
a much-needed glass of wine"...
Mm.
Right.
"To be honest,
I can't believe
the old grump didn't die
years ago."
Nice.
My first line is something
horrible about my dead dad.
How cold do you think I am?
Didn't I just say
it's not you?
(chuckles)
Isn't it, though?
What?
"Old people die,
get over it"?
That was, like,
20 minutes ago.
Okay, now,
hang on a second.
Okay, this seems like
a whole thing,
so I'm just gonna go grab
a water real quick.
(Claire sighs)
Oh, come on.
Who are you texting?
Ahh! No one.
I'm just reading
my horoscope.
Liar.
Why would anyone read their
horoscope so late in the day?
Everything's
already happened.
There's a dude,
isn't there?
What?
No.
Sneaking off
with your phone,
the clean hair,
your one bra
that fits properly -- spill.
(scoffs)
Okay, fine.
There is a dude.
Oh, God, it's not another
high-school boy, is it?
No.
He's legal.
He's just embarrassing
in a different way.
You know you've been like this
your whole life --
ashamed of the romantic,
sexual part of you.
Honestly, it seems like
you think you don't deserve it,
but you do.
And if this guy is fun
and good to you
and doesn't ride a scooter,
let it be okay.
Haley.
Thanks.
(chuckles)
MANNY:
Ladies, I don't know
what emotional thing
is playing out right now,
but how about you save it
for over there?
And then I sent you
the cutest video
of a puppy nursing
on a mama lion,
and what do you text back?
"She's getting him fat
so that he tastes better
at lunch"?
Yeah, so what?
My crime is I'm hilarious?
Can we get back to this,
please?
Kate just said
she couldn't believe
her father
didn't die sooner, then --
"The Widow Dubois
slumps in a chair, emotional."
(bad French accent)
"Ohh, ma chérie,
your papa would be devastated
to hear you say
such insensitive things."
Really?
Are you gonna do
the whole accent thing?
Lo and behold --
What do we see?
The queen of spades is gone!
Where could she be?
In Frank's pocket.
I saw you put it there.
So it is!
Great trick, Phil.
And nice assist, Ray.
I thought this was supposed
to be a bachelor party.
Where's
the female entertainment?
Oh, don't you worry
about that.
♪ Mr. Sandman,
bring me a dream ♪
♪ Bum, bum, bum, bum ♪
♪ Make him the cutest
that I've ever seen ♪
♪ Bum, bum, bum, bum ♪
♪ Give him two lips
like roses and clover ♪
♪ Bum, bum, bum, bum ♪
♪ And tell him that
his lonesome nights are -- ♪
(music stops)
What are you doing?!
Calling time of death.
Oh, not you ladies.
You're still very vital,
of course.
Hey, we really appreciate
all the riveting you did
during the war.
Dad was enjoying them.
Just as well.
(laughs)
I'm about to be married.
I don't need to be tempted
by all those
bum, bum, bums.
Oh, is that it
for the planned activities?
No, we're just
getting started.
For the next hour,
it's a $5 buy-in game of Uno,
then downstairs
to Captain Scupper's,
the best oysters
in the desert.
And finally, put on
your neckties, gentlemen,
'cause I have four balcony seats
to Mr. Neil...
Please say "Diamond."
...Sedaka.
What a night!
Oh, we need some ice.
I'll be right back.
What the hell's Uno?
Sort of a thinking man's
Crazy Eights.
Instead of playing cards
up here,
there is a casino downstairs
with actual big-boy drinks.
I'm right behind him.
We'll grab Phil on the way.
Or wouldn't it be fun
for him to try and find us?
FRANK:
Oh, he'll love that!
(pins clatter)
Hey, Louise,
I just saw that psycho
imposter clown
out by the dumpster
giving me threatening looks.
Look, Flouncy --
It's Fizbo.
I'm talking to you.
I don't have time
for your clown nonsense.
We've got a championship
to win.
I'm gonna go warm up
with the Pindigo Girls.
Why does this
have to be happening today?
Mitchell, maybe it's happening
because it's today.
Maybe somebody is trying
to get in my head
to throw me off my game.
Oh, honey, do you really think
people care enough to --
Hey, you know what, there are
six people just in my eyesight
that would do anything to break
my winning streak.
For instance, Martin.
He's never forgiven me
for making him feel
like your father
was in love with him.
Okay,
it couldn't have been Martin.
We saw him, like,
three seconds
before you thought
that you saw Fiz--
Actually saw.
Okay.
And what's this about my dad?
Fine.
It's not Martin.
But it certainly could be
Señor Kaplan.
Uno, dos, tres,
cuatro, cinco, seis.
Hola, Señor Kaplan.
If you're here to talk trash,
I'm not interested.
Where were you 20 minutes ago,
and can anybody account
for your whereabouts?
Not that it's any
of your business,
but I happened to be in the
photo booth taking some solos.
I'm gonna use number three
for my new passport.
I would use number two.
There's a twinkle in your eye.
But I have a different theory
as to where you were
20 minutes ago,
and it would have
given you exactly enough time
to change out of a clown costume
into your bowling outf--
(screams)
What's wrong?
Wha-- No. No, no.
I just saw --
I just saw Fi-- Fizbo
in -- in -- in the mirror.
I don't know what's going on
with you, Tucker,
but in my culture, we like
to call it loco en la cabeza.
Okay, you know what?
Knock it off. You're Canadian.
"You all seem to forget
I'm not alone. I have Albert.
You can search the world,
and I defy you
to find a more devoted,
loving...
parrot."
"I used to like
talking to Albert,
but then we got into a fight
over a cracker."
"Kate whispers to Bailey
as they watch the Widow
sadly plunking notes
on the piano."
"How long do we have to stay
with her?
We can leave now, right?"
GLORIA (bad French accent):
"I knew when your papa died,
I would never
see you again."
(sighs)
"No matter what I do,
you refuse to accept
that I accepted you."
"Mais non.
I'm sorry.
I'm just so emotional
today."
"But of course you are,
Chloe.
And I'm sorry if I made you feel
like an outsider."
"I love you, you know?
Je t'aime."
"I love you, too."
(voice breaking)
Black out.
(normal voice)
Bravo! Bravo!
Really, Manny?
My character gets into a fight
with a parrot over a cracker?
(hushed) I told you that story
in confidence.
And for the record...
I am nothing like
my character.
I'm not lonely at all.
I have tons of options.
I'm actually going
to see one right now.
And thanks to Haley,
I'm no longer ashamed
of talking about him.
Ooh! Who is it?
-No one.
-What's his name?
Nothing.
Well, if that's it
for the feedback...
No, actually...
Oh. Yay.
...for me, the ending felt
a little trite.
There's a lot of good stuff
in there,
but the whole "I'm sorry,
I'm sorry,
I love you, I love you" --
I just --
I think women are more
complicated than that.
Don't listen to her, Manny.
The ending was beautiful.
It's just that some women
have a hard time
expressing their feelings.
Oh, this again?
Gloria,
I'm a very feeling person.
Oh, really?
From the woman that writes
in my birthday cards
"Best, Claire."
How is that not warm?
I am wishing you
quite literally the best.
I am a person
in your family.
I am not the woman
that does your eyebrows.
Why would I send her
a birthday card?
The question is why can't
you write "Love, Claire"?
I write "Love, Gloria."
(sighs)
I even dot the "I"
with a huge heart.
I tell you that I love you,
and you say "Me, too."
Why? Why can't you tell me
that you love me?
I don't know why
I can't tell you that I --
There was a time
when I wanted to,
and then the moment passed
and time went by
and then
it just felt forced.
You -- You say it
all the time.
One could argue
that dilutes it.
Oh, so now it's my fault?
I am lashing out at you
because this is not
the first time
I've been accused of this.
I am sorry I haven't said it
before, Gloria.
I love you.
Mm.
Okay.
My God, you're right.
It is trite.
You got this, Sam!
Come on.
Come on!
You on the other hand --
you throw one more gutter ball,
and I will literally
frame you for murder.
No pressure.
(pins clatter)
(cheers and applause)
Mwah!
I wonder what that's about.
Oh!
Shh, shh, shh!
(mockingly)
Hmm.
You two seem
awfully chummy.
Well, if by "chummy,"
you mean,
"in the throes of an electric
sexual relationship,"
then, yes, you bet
your bowling balls we're chummy.
(groans)
Oh, my gosh.
I just put it all
together.
You're both Fizbo.
(groans)
When I'm with one of you,
the other's wearing the costume,
creating the perfect alibi.
Light-bulb moment!
This clown thing again.
Look, Tucker,
if I wanted to get back at you
for, oh, I don't know,
say something like
setting me up
with your straight
father-in-law,
I certainly wouldn't do it
by stealing
your stupid Bozo suit.
It's Fizbo.
Way to take
the high road, sweetie.
First,
I'd hack your e-mails,
then I'd create several fake
social-media accounts,
which I would use to mount
the multi-pronged smear campaign
to drive a wedge between you
and everything you love.
Wow.
(chuckles)
That's maybe a bit
of a red flag.
And then I'd get several
credit cards in your name
and then embark on a massive
identity-theft scheme
that would leave you bankrupt
and, with any luck at all,
facing criminal charges.
That's what I'd do.
Okay.
She's a bit of a handful, huh?
You know, I was thinking,
maybe we should take a beat
on meeting your parents
this weekend.
What do you say?
All right.
What?
Bravo! Bravo.
If you think your little
over-the-top revenge monologue
is gonna throw me
off your scent,
then you are
sorely mistaken.
Now open your bag.
What?
All of you,
open your bags!
You don't have --
Cam, you got to stop.
Open them!
Hey, hey!
You're paranoid.
You are paranoid.
No one is dressing up...
Oh, damn it,
I hate it when you're right.
What -- Oh!
There he is!
Chase him!
Get him!
Stop!
Imposter!
(grunts)
Oh.
Close your door, ma'am!
We're in pursuit!
Okay, okay, okay.
Thank you!
(sighs)
Okay.
(breathing heavily)
We lost him.
Wait. His mask.
(sniffs)
It smells like beer
and cheese fires.
Oh, Mitchell, that's good
investigative work.
Yes.
You've narrowed it down
to everyone
in the bowling alley.
Uno.
(laughter)
There you are.
We've been looking
all over for you.
Did you check in here,
in the room where the party is?
Don't worry.
We didn't forget about you.
Boop.
I hope it was worth it.
We missed our reservation
to Captain Scupper's.
Don't worry, Phil.
We ate.
Pit boss sent
some shrimp cocktails
over to our craps table.
Along with some
regular cocktails, am I right?
Yeah!
(both laugh)
You -- You had to be there.
I get it.
You had shrimp and drinks.
Now,
if it's not too much trouble,
maybe we could get
back on schedule.
We don't want to miss
Sedaka's opening act --
Extremely Little
Richard.
Good golly,
is he small!
(laughs)
Change of plans --
I traded those tickets
for seats to "Sexcalibur."
You what?
It's a dirty
"Medieval Times."
Are you kidding me?
It's okay, Phil.
I waited 79 years
to see Neil Sedaka.
I can wait another 79.
No, Dad.
You're being too nice.
This is your bachelor party,
not yours!
You're ruining
this whole night.
You ruined it
when you planed it.
And get that finger
out of my face.
Nobody hijacks
my dad's party,
and nobody tells me
where to put my finger.
Boop!
Here we go.
I wanted a brother
when I was 10,
not a 10-year-old brother!
You're the baby!
You're older,
but you're the baby.
You're no Marty!
It's not much of a fight,
but maybe we should --
I know.
I thought it was gonna get good.
All right, that's enough.
Stop.
Phil, you're being ridiculous.
Ray, I don't know you,
but you seem like a horse's ass.
All right, now!
Grow up!
Start acting like gentlemen.
Uh, would you two mind
stepping out in the hall
for a second?
I need to have a word
with Phil.
All right, but hurry up.
We don't want to miss
the unlacing of the first wench.
(door opens, closes)
You know, I really appreciate
all you've done
arranging my party,
but, you know,
I'm happy doing whatever.
Is something else
bothering you?
I don't know.
So much is changing, Dad.
I guess I'm kind of afraid
that this is the end of an era.
Now I have to share you
with Lorraine, with that.
You're not losing me.
As a matter of fact,
you're gonna be seeing
a lot more of me.
Lorraine and I have been
kind of kicking around the idea
of moving to California.
To be closer to me?
Yes.
And to be farther from Ray.
Hey, Louise,
we just saw evil Fizbo again.
It's true. I was there.
We lost him in the parking lot.
Yeah,
we looked in every car.
Geez, Louise, there has to be
something you can do.
Fine. First thing tomorrow,
I'll look into it
if you can focus on bowling.
I can.
There you are.
I've been looking
all over for you.
It's your turn.
Sorry.
I was in the ladies room.
I was putting IcyHot
on my hammies.
Mm.
Ahh! Ohh.
D-Did you do something
to your hand?
I just hurt it
playing air hockey.
They got rid of the air hockey
table months ago.
Uh -- Nothing.
I mean, I was --
Wait -- W-Wait --
Wait a minute.
You go missing,
then you mysteriously
hurt your hand, and t--
Okay, okay --
There is lipstick in this mask,
and it is --
It is the same shade
as the lipstick
on your beer.
(gasps)
You're Fizbo?
You wear lipstick?
But you're on our team.
Why would you do this?
Because you bug me.
That's it?
You picked the team name,
you designed the shirts,
you take all the credit.
Everything's about you.
You messed with his head so he'd
lose us the team championship.
Yeah, opening the door
for -- for you to be captain.
I should be captain.
Give me my Fizbo.
(pins clatter)
You get out of my face.
Wait, wait, no.
Hold on. Hold on.
Is there still a chance
that we could win this?
Not unless we can pick up
57 pins in one frame.
Yeah. And you get out
of his face.
Hello, fruit of
your father's loins.
"Mitchell's" fine.
You know,
speaking of Jay --
You brought him up.
Well, your father and I had
a moment...
Uh-huh.
...a couple of years ago
when he was pretending
to be gay
so that he could bowl
in our league.
I know he said
it was all an act,
but what I felt from him --
It was just so very real.
Okay, Martin,
I hate to break this to you,
but my dad is potentially
the straightest man
on the planet.
Yeah,
but that not withstanding,
do you think maybe you could
give me his phone number?
It's just always felt like
unfinished business to me.
I am not giving you
his phone number.
I'll give you my trophy.
It's 3-1-0...
-- Captions by VITAC --